Venezuela continues to be hurt by the
crisis which constantly gets worse
inflation is worse crime is worse
corruption is worse
invariably there will be one resolution
default the country of Venezuela will
default or it will give in to the IMF
vultures time is surely running
out you came here for the truth let's
look at Venezuela today where the
hyperinflation is
destroying ordinary citizens and we can
see chaos and bedum right now today at
this very time going to this article out
of CNN karacus is running out of cash we
are talking about a crisis not just on
the personal level but now nationally as
well they only have according to this
$10 billion in foreign
reserves left and in the grand scheme of
things 10 billion isn't that much for
the rest of the year Venezuela owes
roughly 7.2 billion in outstanding debt
payments now remember that 7 billion for
just a
moment in 2011 Venezuela had roughly 30
billion in reserves 2015 had 20 billion
and it basically says that it can't go
on for much longer the question is where
is the floor if oil prices stagnate and
foreign reserves reach zero then the
clock is going to start on a default and
I do believe that this eventually will
have to
come will they give into the IMF I mean
if they have to default on their
creditors I think that eventually most
countries do give in to the IMF I mean
they could go out and and do what a lot
of the European countries have done and
try to raise money they try to quote
unquote restructure their debt which I
think is one of the funniest things out
of all of the financial industry and you
talk to people in the industry and they
with a straight face they say that these
things are good you know it's necessary
it's not so bad they'll be able to get a
hold of things
and they say it to me with a straight
face literally as if it's not a joke
they're telling a joke but they're
trying to make it seem as if it's not a
joke and to me
it's I mean it's crazy to watch it's it
really is and to listen to further in
the
article this is key according to the
country's recently released 2016
financial report about 7.7 billion of
its remaining 10 billion Reserves
is in gold and I will stop right there
and suggest to you that their gold will
be sold
off immediately that gold is a ticking
Time Bomb it's going to be sold and I
believe if they're going to sell it into
the
market and try to get the highest bidder
for it that's going to be a big problem
because that it's just going to be
billions of dollars 7.7 billions of
dollars worth flooding into the market
at once and in a temporary level I mean
we look at that and that is not a good
thing for the gold price ultimately I
don't really care about the gold price I
think it's you buy gold not to see the
price necessarily go up you buy it
because it's a hedge against inflation
you buy it because it is something to
hold wealth and so on I've talked about
them many times before you saw RAC
recently where Venezuela right here to
make their debt payments in the past
year Venezuela shipped gold to
Switzerland so it's not as if they've
never done this before I do believe that
if not all of it most of it is going to
have to be sold off and then the other
assets have to go look at what's
happening in Greece as our best example
one by one they'll sell off everything
the thinning reserves paint the scary
finan finial picture as the country
faces a humanitarian crisis absolutely I
completely agree with this sparked by an
economic meltdown okay this is CNN
talking and everyone knows how wonderful
they are but in this case here just this
sentence this is extremely accurate I've
gotten into it many times before I'm not
going to elaborate too much all I want
to say is that this is coming to most
places around the world that's why I
keep bringing up Venezuela obviously
it's a terrible situation for those in
Venezuela but this is going to happen
everywhere where an economic collapse
will lead into humanitarian crisis but
nobody's going to be able to help the
developed Nations if every developed
nation is in Dire
Straits see developing nations maybe
maybe there's a way to help them out
everyone gets together
donations and funding and everything
else and you know they can help out but
what if everybody's in trouble or what
if it's a society that has millions and
millions and millions of people you
can't do that people aren't ready
governments aren't ready Pension funds
are being destroyed people are being
just lined up there's the slaughterhouse
one by one single file everyone's going
in and all all these cattle C is the ass
part of my language in front of
them massive government overspending a
crashing currency that's huge
mismanagement of the country's
infrastructure and Corruption are all
factors that have sparked extremely high
inflation in Venezuela expected to rise
to 1660 this year and then check this
out
2880 in 2018 that's according to the
IMF I never saw official
statistics that said what the inflation
rate was throughout 2016 I know they
were predicting it was going to be about
700 but I never saw the actual official
statistics and I don't think they'd be
real anyway but if it gets to these
levels here I mean 700% you can't you
can't go back from that but I think at
least what I've seen historically is
that it won't go from 1660 to
2880 in a matter of 1 year it's more
likely to be an exponential rise so if
it does get to 1660 it'll be you know
significantly higher let's say maybe
5,000 in 2018 and then it just goes so
fast it can't even be measured anymore
that's the the problem that they'll
arise I mean you look at it right now
how much worse can it get that's what's
scary to think about when you have
people literally
Starving in a major city we're not
talking about some City on the outskirts
I mean every country has cities that are
doing terribly with mass poverty and
everything else even take a city like uh
Vancouver where you have some areas in
the outskirts where they have mass
amounts of poor people living there and
then you have this you know two-sided
story where you look at the housing
prices that are multi-million dollar
homes for just your average
home quite a difference there another
key problem is the relatively low price
of oil which stands at half of what what
it was in 2014 Venezuela has more oil
reserves than any other nation in the
world now these numbers are disputed
however we know they've got a lot of oil
it's just the matter of them being able
to take what they have in the ground and
make money from it that's a huge problem
for them and oil shipments make up over
90% of the country's total exports look
even at $50 a barrel I'm sure they could
be making profit but there's other
situations going on here this is just a
chart covering the numbers that I uh
just covered in that previous article
it's clear where it's headed right into
the ground
this year is another article about
Venezuela and it shouldn't surprise
anybody but their
debt is junk the
SNP affirmed its CCC longterm foreign
and local currency Sovereign credit
ratings on
Venezuela the outlook on both long-term
ratings remains negative all right we
also affirmed RC short-term foreign a
local currency Sovereign ratings in
addition we affirmed there'll be uh
convertibility assets on The Sovereign
doesn't matter
um look
at look at this next portion here our
rating on Venezuela reflects our
assessment that The Sovereign is
vulnerable to default absent
unforeseen positive financial and
economic developments okay they're
basically saying unless anything changes
they're negative they're going to
default we have a big problem and it
it's obvious that that's where it's
headed they have a situation that they
simply can't get out
of and it has to collapse it it has to
and I'm I feel bad saying this knowing
that I have so many people that I've
contacted from
Venezuela who are suffering right now
because of this and I hate that that's
why I keep bringing this up because
people need to see this you might see
the Articles covering Venezuela and CNN
but you'll never see it being talked
about in the mainstream media as like a
front page story they talk about all the
silliness like did Kelly an Conway put
her feet up on the coach in the Oval
Office I mean who the hell cares about
where this lady's feet were who cares
about any of that we're talking about
people starving staring they're
dying they're dying right now and we got
the news talking about the sliest things
in the world and it keeps people
distracted because this stuff is headed
home it's headed to your doorstep and
I'm trying my best to just wake as many
people up as possible all right quickly
here us Equity search to an all-time
high the major indexes posting their
best day of the year on Donald Trump's
speech to
Congress he makes a speech the stock
market
Rises where are the fundamentals it is
understood that Donald Trump is ready to
cut taxes on businesses does that mean
that the businesses are bringing their
money
over or are they going to Simply utilize
that as a way to make additional
corporate profits there's no telling
what they're going to do they're not I
mean there have been jobs that have made
their way over they saying that yes
we're going to build uh our factories
we're going to build cars everything
like this but it doesn't mean that
they're still not going to have a lot of
business
overseas it's all speculation that's my
point and that's what worries me at this
time the stock market's rising Rising
rising Rising on anticipation is trying
to price everything in but
it's it's gone beyond pricing in the
speculation and to me that's dangerous
very dangerous so if the market came
down I mean it's risen significantly at
this point if it came down even 20% that
would be a modest correction from where
it is at this
point so keep your eyes out on this very
much we're seeing
valuations far over what they should be
at this time regardless of what you
think the stock market is headed there
could be a short-term significant
correction I'm not betting on that
because of course in this day and age
with low interest rates and quantitative
easing that's been going on all around
the world this money is swishing and
swashing all around it could end up in
equity still and continue on for the
foreseeable future I'm not denying that
I'm just saying that it is very much
very much due and I'm not even talking
about all the reality here I'm just
talking about you know te technical
analysis it's
overdue all right CC land Holdings
backed by a Hong Kong property Tycoon
has agreed to pay
1.15 billion that's $1.42 billion for a
London skyscraper in one of the city's
biggest
ever real estate deals what we are
talking about is what they refer to as
the cheese grader those of you
perhaps you've been there or you live
there you'll know exactly what they're
talking about here British land PLC and
Oxford Properties Group the real estate
arm of Canadian pension funders the
Pension funds I love them just love them
very much they sold the leaden hall
building known locally as the cheese
grader investment in London property
from China and Hong Kong has surged in
recent months China is buying real
estate all over the world they're buying
businesses they're buying land they are
buying infrastructure they are getting
into everything they're doing so in
Venezuela they're doing so in Cuba
they're doing so in Canada in the US in
Cyprus in Australia and every country
around the world this is a trend that is
continuing I mean look they're buying up
Hollywood there is a buying spree taking
place and while on one hand it's okay
investors should be able to buy things
right but when the government owns a lot
of these companies and they're simply
arms or subsidiaries of the government
that's a little
dangerous moving on quickly the Pressed
Wall Street exec jumps to his death how
many times do I have to read these type
of
Articles it's constant actually in this
article it talks about the fact that on
the other side of the building a guy did
the same just recently
and it seems to be a trend where all of
these Bankers are constantly killing
themselves it's gone beyond the trend
it's weird to
me and I'm just going to bring it up
every single time apparently he was on
meds and of course that doesn't happen
actually multiplies the issue but anyway
if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs up when you give
me a thumbs up it helps to push these
videos higher up in the YouTube search
rankings so I do appreciate that very
much and if you found the video
informative I know you will find my book
The Money GPS even more informative I've
taken this complicated subject of
Finance made it very easy I've done so
with the use of diagrams and charts as
well as very simplified explanations of
these most complicated things so you can
actually look through the book If you go
over to Amazon they have a look inside
feature that will allow you to flip
through the pages of the book and see if
you like it take
care now if you're still here I just
wanted to ask you out there I had an
interview request from this individual
here Trad cat Knight I don't know if
anybody knows
him but uh I hadn't heard of him before
but looking at his YouTube channel it
seems quite popular he asked to do an
interview with me and uh unfortunately
our schedule is it's just not going to
work out I told him so uh I I didn't do
an interview with him and actually
looking at his interviews it seems like
they go above one hour so there's just
simply no way I'd be able to fit it in
regardless but I just want to know if
you've heard anything about this
individual regardless thank you